Links:  [[008000 Full-Stack Engineer Path from Codecademy]]
# Quiz
---
1. How would you properly refactor this code block using the ternary operator?

		if (walkSignal === 'Walk') {
			console.log('You may walk!');
		} else {
			console.log('Do not walk!');
		}


```
walkSignal ? console.log('You may walk!') : console.log('Do not walk!');
```

```
walkSignal === 'Walk' ? ('You may walk!') : ('Do not walk!');
```

```
walkSignal === 'Walk' ? console.log('You may walk!') : console.log('Do not walk!');
```

```
walkSignal === 'Walk' : console.log('You may walk!') : console.log('Do not walk!');
```

2. What will the code block log to the console?

		let runTime = 35;  
		let runDistance = 3.5;  

		if (runTime <= 30 && runDistance > 3.5) {  
		 console.log("You're super fast!");  
		} else if (runTime >= 30 && runDistance <= 3) {  
		 console.log("You're not making your pace!");  
		} else if (runTime > 30 || runDistance > 3) {  
		 console.log("Nice workout!");  
		} else {  
		 console.log("Keep on running!");  
		}

You’re not making your pace!

You’re super fast!

Keep on running!

Nice workout!

3. Which of the following variables contains a truthy value?

```
let varFour = '';
```

```
let varThree = 0;
```

```
let varOne = 'false';
```

```
let varTwo = false;
```

4. What will the following code log to the console?

		let needTacos = true;  

		if (needTacos) {  
		 console.log("Finding tacos");  
		} else {  
		 console.log("Keep on keeping on!");  
		}

Keep on keeping on!

Finding tacos

5. To make this statement valid, what operator belongs in the `___` space below?

		if (coin ___ "heads") {  
		 console.log('coin is heads!');  
		} else {  
		 console.log('coin is tails...');  
		}

either `=` or `===`

`===`

`=`

`:=`

6. What will the code block log to the console?

		let groceryItem = "apple";  

		switch (groceryItem) {  
		 case "tomato":  
		 console.log("Tomatoes are $0.49");  
		 break;  
		 case "lime":  
		 console.log("Limes are $1.49");  
		 break;  
		 case "papaya":  
		 console.log("Papayas are $1.29");  
		 break;  
		 default:  
		 console.log("Invalid item");  
		 break;  
		}

Tomatoes are $0.49

Papayas are $1.29

Limes are $1.49

Invalid item

7. If `isHungry` equals `true`, which of the following expressions evaluates to `true`?

```
isHungry === false
```

```
isHungry !== false
```

```
!isHungry
```

```
!isHungry === true
```

8. What is the general purpose of a conditional statement?

Conditional statements make all computers capable of thought.

Conditional statements answer binary (yes-or-no) questions.

Conditional statements evaluate code as either `true` or `false`.

9. What will the code block log to the console?

		let weather = "spring";  
		let clothingChoice = "";  

		if (weather === "spring") {  
		 clothingChoice = "Put on rain boots.";  
		} else if (weather === "summer") {  
		 clothingChoice = "Make sure to take your sunscreen.";  
		} else if (weather === "fall") {  
		 clothingChoice = "Wear a light jacket.";  
		} else if (weather === 'winter') {  
		 clothingChoice = "Wear a heavy coat.";  
		} else {  
		 console.log('Invalid weather type.');  
		};  
		console.log(clothingChoice);

Make sure to take your sunscreen.

Wear a heavy coat.

Wear a light jacket.

Put on rain boots.

10. Translate this to JavaScript:

Log “Bear!” to console if `isFurry` is `true` and `weight` is over `100` pounds.

```
if (isFurry || weight > 100) {
	console.log("Bear!");
}
```

```
if (isFurry && weight > 100) {
	console.log("Bear!");
}
```

```
if ( !(isFurry && weight > 100) ) {
	console.log("Bear!");
}
```