Links:  [[008000 Full-Stack Engineer Path from Codecademy]]
[[008111 Create a Front-End App with React from Codecademy]]
# Quiz
---
1. What is the outcome of the following code snippet?

		console.log('Hello world');

`'Hello world'` is printed to the console with single quotation marks.

`Hello world` is stored as a variable.

`Hello world` is printed to the console.

`log('Hello world')` is printed to the console.
<br />

2. Which of the following code snippets would cause an error?

```
let food = 'chicken';food = 'sushi';
```

```
const foodOne = 'chicken';const foodTwo = 'sushi';
```

```
const food = 'chicken';food = 'sushi';
```

```
let food = 'chicken';let drink = 'seltzer';
```
<br />

3. What is string interpolation?

Joining multiple strings together using operators like `+`

Printing a string to the console.

Changing the value of a variable.

Using template literals to embed variables into strings.
<br />

4. Which of the following is an example of a single line comment?

`console.log('Is this a comment?');`

`console.log()`

`// Is this a comment?`

`'Is this a comment?'`
<br />

5. What is the correct way to declare a new variable that you can change?

`myName = 'Sloan';`

`let myName: 'Sloan';`

`const myName = 'Sloan';`

`let myName = 'Sloan';`
<br />

6. What will the following code print to the console?

```
let num = 10;
num *= 3;
console.log(num); 
```

`'num'`

`3`

`10`

`30`
<br />

7. What is the outcome of this statement?

```
console.log('hi!'.length);
```

`3` is printed to the console.

`'hi!'.length` will be printed to the console.

`1` is printed to the console.

`hi!` is printed to the console.
<br />

8. What are variables used for in JavaScript?

For changing language settings.

For changing a value’s data type.

For storing or holding data.
<br />

9. What is the correct way to call the `random` method on the `Math` global object?

`Math.random()`

`Math(random)`

`math.random()`

`random.Math()`
<br />

10. What is the correct way to call a string’s built-in method?

`toUpperCase.'codecademy'();`

`'codecademy'.toUpperCase();`

`'codecademy'.toUpperCase;`

`toUpperCase('codecademy');`
<br />

11. What is string concatenation?

When you join strings together.

When you change a variable’s value.

When you assign a string to a variable.

When you print a string to the console.