Links:  [[008000 Full-Stack Engineer Path from Codecademy]]
# Quiz on Scope
---
1. What will be the output of this code?

		const roadTrip = () => {  
			const destination = 'Crater Lake, Oregon';  
			const snacks = 'trail mix';  
			const supplies = 'sleeping bags';  
		};  

		console.log(`Next stop: ${destination}`);

	```
	Next stop: destination
	```

	```
	Next stop: Crater Lake, Oregon
	```

	```
	Uncaught ReferenceError: destination is not defined
	```

2. What will be the output of this code?

		let sayHello = 'Hi there';  
		const sayGoodbye = 'Goodbye';  

		const speakItalian = () => {  
		 sayHello = 'Ciao!';  
		 console.log(sayHello);  
		 console.log(sayGoodbye);  
		};  

		speakItalian();

	```
	Ciao!
	ReferenceError: variable not defined.
	```

	```
	Ciao!
	Goodbye
	```

	```
	Hi there
	Goodbye
	```

3. Which best defines a variable with block scope?

		A variable that is available throughout a program.

		A variable that is available within a function.

		A variable that is defined within a block and only available inside a block.

		A variable that is available outside of a block.

4. How many global variables are there in the following block of code?

		const input = 8;  
		const controlVal = input / 2 + 3;  

		const multiplier = (number, phase) => {  
		 const val = number * controlVal + phase;  
		 console.log(val);  
		};
		
	```
	There are three: `input`, `controlVal`, and `val`.
	```
	```
	There are three: `input`, `controlVal`, and `multiplier`.
	```
	```
	There are two: `input` and `controlVal`.
	```
	```
	There are four: `input`, `controlVal`, `val`, and `multiplier`.
	```

5. Which variables possess block scope?

		const input = 8;  
		const controlVal = input / 2 + 3;  

		const multiplier = (number, phase) => {  
		 const val = number * controlVal + phase;  
		 console.log(val);  
		};
	```
	`number`, `phase`, `val`
	```
	```
	`input`, `controlVal`, `multiplier`
	```
	```
	`input`, `controlVal`
	```
	```
	`val`, `number`, `controlVal`, `phase`
	```

6. What is preferable: defining variables in the global scope or defining variables in the block scope?

		Defining variables in the global scope. Variables defined in the block scope are restrictive and often conflict with variables defined in the global scope.

		Defining variables in the block scope. Variables defined in the global scope can cause unexpected behavior in our code.

		Defining variables in the global scope and the block scope are equally preferable.

		Defining variables in the block scope. Variables defined at the block level can still be used at the global level.

7. What is a globally scoped variable?

		A variable that is accessible in a block, and only inside a block.

		A variable that is also a parameter.

		A variable that is accessible to any part of the program.

		A variable that is defined in a function.

Answer Key:
1. c
2. b
3. c
4. b
5. a
6. b
7. c