Links:  [[008000 Full-Stack Engineer Path from Codecademy]]
# Methods
---
Remember that methods are actions we can perform. JavaScript provides a number of string methods.

We _call_, or use, these methods by appending an instance with:

-   a period (the dot operator)
-   the name of the method
-   opening and closing parentheses

E.g. `'example string'.methodName()`.

Does that syntax look a little familiar? When we use `console.log()` we’re calling the `.log()` method on the `console` object. Let’s see `console.log()` and some real string methods in action!

	console.log('hello'.toUpperCase()); // Prints 'HELLO'console.log('Hey'.startsWith('H')); // Prints true

Let’s look at each of the lines above:

-   On the first line, the `.toUpperCase()` method is called on the string instance `'hello'`. The result is logged to the console. This method returns a string in all capital letters: `'HELLO'`.
-   On the second line, the `.startsWith()` method is called on the string instance `'Hey'`. This method also accepts the character `'H'` as an input, or _argument_, between the parentheses. Since the string `'Hey'` does start with the letter `'H'`, the method returns the boolean `true`.

You can find a list of built-in string methods in the [JavaScript documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/prototype). Developers use documentation as a reference tool. It describes JavaScript’s keywords, methods, and syntax.

To do:
1. Use the `.toUpperCase()` method to log the string `'Codecademy'` to the console in all capital letters.
2. In the second `console.log()` statement in **app.js**, we have a string `' Remove whitespace '` which has spaces before and after the words `'Remove whitespace'`.
	
	If we browse the [JavaScript string documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/prototype), we find several built-in string methods that each accomplish a different goal. The one method that seems ideal for us is `.trim()`.
	
	Use the method to remove the whitespace at the beginning and end of the string in the second `console.log()` statement.	
	
Editor Content:

	// Use .toUpperCase() to log 'Codecademy' in all uppercase letters
	console.log('Codecademy'.toUpperCase());

	// Use a string method to log the following string without whitespace at the beginning and end of it.
	console.log('    Remove whitespace   '.trim());

Community Forums:
[This exercise mentions documentation, but what is that… and how/why/when should I use it?](https://youtu.be/s1PLS3SQHQ0)
[Is JavaScript case sensitive?](https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/is-javascript-case-sensitive/489769)
[ What is the difference between a property and a method, and when do I need to use parenthesis?](https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/what-is-the-difference-between-a-property-and-a-method-and-when-do-i-need-to-use-parenthesis/489775)