Links:  [[008111 Create a Front-End App with React from Codecademy]]
# Quiz - Loops

---
1. What is the general purpose of a loop?

	`Loops iterate through arrays to find elements.`

	`Loops automatically iterate a block of code based on conditions.`

	`Loops read and recreate code automatically.`

	`All loops help the computer make desicisions automatically.`

	Answer: b

2. You want to run a code block at least once, then loop as long as a condition remains true. Which kind of loop would you use?

	A `while` statement

	A `for` statement

	A nested `for` loop

	A `do...while` statement
	
	Answer: d

3. What is incorrect about the code block?

	```
	 for (let i = 0, i < myArray.length, i++) {  
	 	console.log(myArray[i]);  
	 };
	```

	`let` is not needed for the start condition.

	The `for` loop expressions are out of order.

	The condition of the loop should be separated by semicolons, not commas.

	`i++` should be `i = i + 1`.
	
	Answer: c

4. What do nested `for` loops do?

	Nested`for` loops allow us to double check our `if...else` statements.

	Nested `for` loops are bad because they run forever.

	Nested `for` loops allow us to run multiple `for` loops at once.

	Nested `for` loops run the same code twice.
	
	Answer: c

5. Which statement is true about `for` loops?

	`for` loops always run an unknown number of times.

	`for` loops are appropriate when looping a predetermined number of times.

	`for` loops can never result in an infinite loop.

	`for` loops always count from `0` upwards.
	
	Answer: b

6. What would the output of this block of code be?

		const animal = 'cat';  

		for (let i = 0; i < animal.length; i++) {  
		 console.log(animal[i]);  
		 for (let j = 1; j < 4; j++) {  
		 console.log(j);  
		 }  
		}
	
	`c 1 2 3 a 1 2 3 t 1 2 3`

	`1 c a t 2 c a t 3 c a t`

	`c a t 1 2 3`

	`1 c 2 a 3 t`
	
	Answer: a

7. Which statement is true about `while` loops?

	`while` loops evaluate a condition for however long it’s true and the looping stops when the condition is false.

	`while` loops will run at least once, then will run again if their condition is true.

	`while` loops always loop over a code block a known amount of times.

	`while` loops only run while the condition is `false`.

	Answer: a

8. What will be the result of the code block?

		let socialMedia = ['Instagram', 'Facebook', 'Twitter'];  

		for (let socialMediaIndex = 0; socialMediaIndex < socialMedia.length; socialMediaIndex++) {  
		 console.log(socialMedia[socialMediaIndex]);  
		}

	```
	‘Twitter’  
	‘Facebook’  
	‘Instagram’
	```
	```
	‘0: Instagram’  
	‘1: Facebook’  
	‘2: Twitter’
	```
	```
	socialMedia[0]  
	socialMedia[1]  
	socialMedia[2]
	```
	```
	‘Instagram’  
	‘Facebook’  
	‘Twitter’
	```
	
	Answer: d

9. What problem is caused by this code block?

		for (let i = 10; i > 0; i++) {  
		 console.log(i);  
		};

	The code won’t run because the stop condition is less than the start condition.

	The code will loop forever because `i` will always be greater than `0` and `10`. This code will create an infinite loop because it lacks a stop condition.

	`i = 10` and `i > 0` should be switched.

	You can’t run a loop without an array.
	
	Answer: b