Links:  [[0083 Flutter]] [[0042 Programming languages]]
# Dart (its relevance to Flutter)
---
Google decided to go with a language that they themselves had created to create Flutter -- Dart

### General Information about Dart
- Google created Dart back in 2011, and it was initially unveiled at the GOTO conference in Aarhus, Denmark. The initial 1.0 release took place in November 2013, roughly two years before Flutter was released. You have Lars Bak (also the developer of the V8 JavaScript engine underpinning chrome and Node.js) and Kasper Lund to thank for Dart.
- Dart is:
	- Dart is fully object-oriented.
	- It's a garbage-collected language, so no memory allocation/deallocation worries.
	- It has a C-based syntax style that is easy for most developers to pick up.
	- Supports common language features like interfaces, mixins, abstract classes, reified generics, and static typing.
	- A sound typing system (but with flexibility around typing at the same type that makes it not a burden but a genuine help for developers).
	- Isolates for concurrency so that you can have independent workers that do not share memory but instead use message passing for communication, yielding good performance while reducing the risk typically associated with other forms of concurrent programming paradigms.
	- Dart can use ahead-of-time compilation to native code in order to reach the highest levels of performance this side of Assembly. It compiles to ARM and x86 code, but it can also transpile to JavaScript so your Dart code can run, after a fashion, on the web even. Putting aside that transpilation (is that even a word?!), with Flutter targetting a mobile platform, you’ll wind up with AOT-compiled Dart code.
	- Dart supports a rather large package repository that provides additional functionality on top of the core language for virtually anything most developers would need and makes it easy to bring those packages to bear in your projects.
	- Tooling support from a lot of popular developer tools including Visual Studio Code and IntelliJ IDEA.
	- Snapshots as a core part of the Dart VM, which are a method to store and serialize objects and data at runtime (Dart programs can be compiled to snapshots, which contain all the program code and dependencies pre-parsed and ready to execute at startup, and snapshots are also used heavily in the use of isolates).